prepare for release v0.8.0 (#501)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [0.8.0] - 2023-11-27

### Highlights
* 🎉🐍`[pypi-dependencies]` ALPHA RELEASE🐍🎉, you can now add PyPI dependencies to your pixi project.
* UX of `pixi run` has been improved with better errors and showing what task is run.

> [!NOTE]

> > For `[pypi-dependencies]` we're missing some features, they're listed in this project: https://github.com/orgs/prefix-dev/projects/6.
> > Being 100% feature complete with `pip` is not a focus for our company, but we need to get rid of the need for `pip` to manage dependencies in a `pixi` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `[pypi-dependencies]` support is still incomplete, missing functionality is listed here: https://github.com/orgs/prefix-dev/projects/6.
> Our intent is not to have 100% feature parity with `pip`, our goal is that you only need `pixi` for both conda and pypi packages alike.
```
